Docs for Immersive Intelligence mod (1.12.2) (#503)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/1.12/content/Mods/Immersive_Intelligence/CraftTweaker_Support/Precision_Assembler.md

```

### Animations

| Name   | Description                                               | Example                |
|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| `pick` | makes the tool pick an item from the slot (inserter only) | `inserter pick first`  |
| `work` | Works™ on the slot (plays animation)                      | `solderer work second` |
| `drop` | drops the picked item onto the slot (inserter only)       | `inserter drop main`   |

Animations are defined using short 3-word command strings, i.e. `inserter pick first` will make the inserter pick the
item from the first (left) slot.  
Animations are persistent - an item picked by a tool remains picked until it is dropped.  
A single animation consists of 3 parts - the in, work and out.

### Tools/Default Action Time

| Name       | Action Time (ticks) |
|------------|---------------------|
| `buzzsaw`  | 140                 |
| `drill`    | 140                 |
| `inserter` | 60                  |
| `solderer` | 80                  |
| `welder`   | 160                 |
| `hammer`   | 40                  |

> Note the work/pick/drop times are dependent on the tool itself. Tool use durations can be modified in `tools` section of `config/immersiveintelligence.cfg` file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the work/pick/drop times are dependent on the tool itself. Tool use durations can be modified in `tools` section of the `config/immersiveintelligence.cfg` file.  
```

::requiredMod[Immersive Intelligence]{builtIn=true modLink=https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-intelligence}

# Precision Assembler

> The `PrecisionAssembler` package can be used to add/remove recipes to/from the II Precision Assembler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PrecisionAssembler` package can be used to modify the Immersive Intelligence Precision Assembler recipes.
```

```

### Animations

| Name   | Description                                               | Example                |
|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| `pick` | makes the tool pick an item from the slot (inserter only) | `inserter pick first`  |
| `work` | Works™ on the slot (plays animation)                      | `solderer work second` |
| `drop` | drops the picked item onto the slot (inserter only)       | `inserter drop main`   |

Animations are defined using short 3-word command strings, i.e. `inserter pick first` will make the inserter pick the
item from the first (left) slot.  
Animations are persistent - an item picked by a tool remains picked until it is dropped.  
A single animation consists of 3 parts - the in, work and out.

### Tools/Default Action Time

| Name       | Action Time (ticks) |
|------------|---------------------|
| `buzzsaw`  | 140                 |
| `drill`    | 140                 |
| `inserter` | 60                  |
| `solderer` | 80                  |
| `welder`   | 160                 |
| `hammer`   | 40                  |

> Note the work/pick/drop times are dependent on the tool itself. Tool use durations can be modified using the II config

Reviewer: As I said before, please make this clearer as to what file they should be looking at.

Author: Fixed in a6ab2bd
